# 5510HelloClass

My Chinese name is Guo Li and my English name is Lilian. My email address is guoli_dlmu@163.com and my ANmuber is A00476462. I graduated from Dalian Maritime University and my major is the Internet of Things. After graduation,I worked as product manager and have been worked for three years. My main job is to understand the requirements from customers so that I can design the customized IT system's functions. Besides, I like cooking because making delicious food for my family is an enjoyable thing. I am not good at developing during my work, and I want to improve my skills in coding and data science so that I can boost my career. That is the reason why I came here for further study.

Kritika Koirala, Vrushali Savankumar Prajapati and I are in the same group. Kritika comes from Nepal. She completed my Bachelor's degree in Computer Science in Nepal in 2021. She worked as a web developer for about 2.5 years back at home and her area of focus was front-end development. She is hoping to boost her career in software development with the help of this course. Another one is Vrushali. She comes from India. She is also a software developer and previously she was working on one web application for online interview process. Basically, this web application allows her to give online examination and she has integrated few AI proctoring features in it. She likes to developing and continuously analyse data so as to improve the application better, and she thinks it is very interesting. She wants to learn data science concepts and serve it with her previous experience on software development. That is the reason why she came here to further study. Actually, we all did similar jobs in IT company, but Kritika and VrushaliBut are more focused on technology so both of them job title is XXX developer, while I am more focused on product design so my job title is product manager. We all shared our working experience. Besides, I am late for school for a few days, which is similar to Vrushali.

I want to improve my coding ability and some popular development languages here so that I can communicate smooothly with developers in my team. In addition, with the development ability, it can help me to broaden my knowledge and help me have a higher career. When working in the IT company, we not only need to know how to work with team members and business knowledge, but also need to reserve development skills.
